Add layer property to LAL script (#9593)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/concepts-and-designs/lal.md

The LAL config files are in YAML format, and are located under directory `lal`. You can
set `log-analyzer/default/lalFiles` in the `application.yml` file or set environment variable `SW_LOG_LAL_FILES` to
activate specific LAL config files.

> ## Layer
> Every LAL file is a list of LAL rule, and every LAL rule has a layer property.If a log sent to OAP has the same layer value, this rule will be enable.
> NOTICE: Every layer should only has one rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Layer
Layer should be declared in the LAL script to represent the analysis scope of the logs.
```

Reviewer: Notice the way of describing things in docs. It is not about the code logic, instead it should decribe how end users would use it.
